README.md, before:

# Snippets Ranger

![Extension file size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?logo=visual-studio-code&label=made%20for&message=VS%20Code&color=0000ff)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/robole.snippets-ranger?logo=visual-studio-code&color=ffa500)
![Extension file size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?logo=visual-studio-code&label=size&message=62KB&color=008000)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Rating](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/r/robole.snippets-ranger?logo=visual-studio-code&color=brightgreen)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/robole.snippets-ranger?logo=visual-studio-code&color=blue)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/robole.snippets-ranger?logo=visual-studio-code&color=blue)
![Built with](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=built%20with&message=sarsaparilla%20%26%20javascript&color=af0161)

Did you know that Visual Studio Code has **built-in snippets** for JavaScript, Markdown, and other languages? They are not listed in the docs, so where in tarnations can you find out what they are?

Snippets Ranger to rescue! 🤠

![demo gif](/img/screenshots/demo1.gif)

There are sticky headings to ensure you can browse through long snippet lists without losing context. 🦎🔝

![view source screenshot](/img/screenshots/view-source.png)

You can view the source snippet file. This makes it simple to edit your user snippets.

![add new snippet demo](/img/screenshots/add-snippet.gif)

You can add a new snippet to a user snippet file with a command.

## Commands

The following commands can be run from the Command Palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P`):

1. `Snippets Ranger: Show me that dur Range, Partner`: Opens the view that lists all snippets.
1. `Snippets Ranger: Add new snippet`: Quickly add a new snippet to a user snippet file. It will copy selected text to the `body` property of the snippet. If there is no text selection, it will create an empty `body`.

## Performance

To gather and render approx 6000 snippets sourced from 18 different files, it takes 4.5 seconds on a modestly-specced 4-year old laptop running Ubuntu 18.

## Installation

1. Inside VS Code: Type `Ctrl+P`, write `ext install robole.snippets-ranger` in the text field, and hit `Enter`.
1. From the Command-line: Run the command `code --install-extension robole.snippets-ranger`.
1. From the [VS Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=robole.snippets-ranger): Click the _Install_ button.

## Icon Attribution

- up by Phoenix group from the Noun Project.

Commit message:

v0.12.0 changed 'add new snippet' command to use the builtin 'open snippets'  quickpick when choosing a file. This supports global snippets.

README.md, after:

# Snippets Ranger

![Extension file size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?logo=visual-studio-code&label=made%20for&message=VS%20Code&color=0000ff)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/robole.snippets-ranger?logo=visual-studio-code&color=ffa500)
![Extension file size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?logo=visual-studio-code&label=size&message=63KB&color=008000)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Rating](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/r/robole.snippets-ranger?logo=visual-studio-code&color=brightgreen)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/robole.snippets-ranger?logo=visual-studio-code&color=blue)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/robole.snippets-ranger?logo=visual-studio-code&color=blue)
![Built with](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=built%20with&message=sarsaparilla%20%26%20javascript&color=af0161)

Did you know that Visual Studio Code has **built-in snippets** for JavaScript, Markdown, and other languages? They are not listed in the docs, so where in tarnations can you find out what they are?

Snippets Ranger to rescue! 🤠

You can **open a view of all your snippets**.

![demo gif](/img/screenshots/demo1.gif)

There are sticky headings to ensure you can browse through long snippet lists without losing context. 🦎🔝

![view source screenshot](/img/screenshots/view-source.png)

You can **view the source snippet file**. This makes it simple to edit your snippets.

---

You can **quickly add a new snippet directly to any snippet file with a command** .

![add new snippet](/img/screenshots/add-new.png)

## Commands

The following commands can be run from the Command Palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P`):

1. `Snippets Ranger: Show me that dur Range, Partner`: Opens the view that lists all snippets.
1. `Snippets Ranger: Add new snippet`: Quickly add a new snippet to a snippet file of your choosing. It will copy selected text to the `body` property of the snippet. If there is no text selection, it will create an empty `body`. You can tab through the properties and fill them out as a snippet (how meta!).

## Performance

To gather and render approx 6000 snippets sourced from 18 different files, it takes 4.5 seconds on a modestly-specced 4-year old laptop running Ubuntu 18.

## Installation

1. Inside VS Code: Type `Ctrl+P`, write `ext install robole.snippets-ranger` in the text field, and hit `Enter`.
1. From the Command-line: Run the command `code --install-extension robole.snippets-ranger`.
1. From the [VS Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=robole.snippets-ranger): Click the _Install_ button.

## Icon Attribution

- up by Phoenix group from the Noun Project.
